let me ask you something what's the most
you ever lost : tell us look I need to
know what I say I'm to win everything
just call it friend Oh
wellin listen is that joke full of money
he's just a guy who happened to find my
money I got a bad feeling the will
it's a mess ain't it Sheriff I did I'm
it'll do till the mess gets here I'm
looking for a little while in moss you
go up to this trailer yes
do you want to leave a message yes I'll
come back your mother I love him
your mother's dead well why not tell her
myself I've got a loose cannon here you
think there's more moss it's got any
notion of the sorts deader hunting him I
don't know he altered he's seen the same
things I've seen and it certainly made
an impression on me just how dangerous
is it compared to what bubonic plague
crime you see now it's hard to even take
its major it's just all-out war
you can't stop what to kill me this guys
supposed to be the openers badass
you don't understand
God call it